[Draken] Wake up,
Mikey. We're here.
What the hell are
you doing here?
How dare you show your
faces here! Get out!
Who do you think you're
talking to, old man?
(grunts) What are you doing?
Chill out. We're
in the wrong here.
(father sobbing)
What did she ever do to you
to deserve such cruel abuse?
(both sobbing)
Soon we'll be fighting Moebius.
We'll deal with
our own problems,
but it will be in our own world.
All of our crew have
families and relatives
and people who are
important to them.
It's not that you
have to bow your head.
Just have a heart that cares.
You're right. I apologize.
And, uh...
I'm glad to have you by my side.
(motor engine revving)
Get Pah there tomorrow.
No sweat. And I'll get Peh too.
The warehouse near
Second MS work?
All right.
Mm.
(motor engine revving)
[Mikey] See ya!
(tense dramatic music)
There's no way Mikey and Draken
would ever fight each other.
But somehow, Draken
dies on August 3rd.
I need to find out
everything I can
about Moebius before then.
(opening theme music)
(people chattering)
[Draken] I was born in
Shibuya's red-light district.
No idea who my dad was.
My mom was a prostitute.
She up and left when I was two.
Home (scoffs) was a brothel.
[Deliveryman] Sign for
the towels, please.
[Young Draken] Sure.
You're getting tall, Kenny Boy.
Well, I drink milk every day.
Mhmm. See you next time.
Okay.
[Parlor Worker 1] Morning.
[Deliveryman] Hi, girls.
[Parlor Worker 2] Hi, mister.
Off to school, huh, Kenny Boy?
[Parlor Worker 1] Need a
quick tug before class?
[Young Draken] Yeah, no thanks.
See ya later!
[Young Draken] Yeah.
[Draken] That was my
fifth grade experience.
I grew up around pink towels
and the smell of lube.
-Hi, Ken!
-Yeah, good morning!
Good morning, Ken. It's
good to see you, sir!
It's not Ken. My name is Draken.
[Tattoo Artist] You
sure about this?
You're damn right I am.
Temples are pretty painful.
Come on. Just do it already.
All right. No cryin'.
(Young Draken grunts)
Let's get this goin'.
[Young Draken] Ow ow ow ow ow!
[Tattoo Artist] Oh,
quit your fussin'.
You're a man, ain't ya?
(Young Draken screams)
[Tattoo Artist] There, all done.
(Young Draken gasps)
(Young Draken sighs)
All right! That is awesome!
Tatted in the fifth grade.
Damn you're gonna
be one rotten adult.
Thank you, man. I gotta
go show this shit off!
It's gonna take a while for
the swelling to go down.
Yeah, okay. I got it.
[Draken] I was taller than
most of the other
middle school kids.
(Young Draken growls)
(school boy grunts)
I'm Ken Ryuguji from
the Fourth Elementary.
Call me Draken.
You better hide whenever
you see this dragon coming.
[Draken] I got a dragon
tattoo in the fifth grade.
Even most of the
middle school kids
wouldn't mess with
me after that.
Ken.
You're getting a bit too
cocky for me these days.
[Gang Member 1] You need to
lay off the middle schoolers.
[Gang Member 2] Don't make
us have to kick your ass.
'Kay. Sorry, man.
[Draken] The Sameyama Crew
dominated this
neighborhood back then.
They had literally beat
the pants off me before,
so I couldn't defy them.
(breathes sharply)
And you know who else
is a cocky little shit?
That Seventh school punk.
[Gang Member 3] Oh, Mikey.
[Gang Member 2] The kid
who made a name for himself
putting the beatdown
Vatican's boss?
(Sameyama grumbles)
Ken, drag Mikey's ass over here.
(Young Draken panting)
Who is this kid?
Even I don't think I could
take down a high schooler,
especially a strong one.
As soon as I take him
over there to Sameyama,
he's a goner!
But before that happens,
I wanna throw hands
with Mikey myself!
(Young Draken panting)
Huh?
Hey, you! You from
Seventh Elementary?
Yeah, I am.
I'm looking for some
kid called Mikey.
You know where he is?
Yeah, I just saw him.
Oh. Hey, Mikey!
(Young Draken gulps)
Yeah? What's up?
Ah! That's not what I
was expecting at all!
I figured he was a
buffed-out beast,
way bigger than me.
This dude's a runt!
He's just a kid!
And he's coming over. Shit!
Should I fight him?
Hey.
There's a bunch of
the 48 positions
that overlap, don't they?
Uh...
Huh?
I keep trying to count them
and I never even get to 40.
Your thoughts?
What? What are you
even talking about?
Uh, anyway...
You're Mikey, right?
Yeah, I am. What's up?
Some middle schoolers I know
wanted me to come find you
and take you to 'em.
Oh, yeah?
I won't, um, force you though.
Yeah, sure.
Huh?
Since it's you that's
asking, sure, I'll go.
Lemme stick my
stuff in my locker.
What a frickin' weirdo.
I don't even know how to react.
I bet this pipsqueak is
gonna get the stuffing
kicked out of him in a second.
Yo, guys.
-Hm?
-Huh?
I brought the kid like you said.
This is Mikey and he said-
(Mikey whooshes)
[Draken] At that moment,
Mikey made a beeline
for Sameyama...
And jumped.
(Sameyama groans)
(everyone gasps)
(upbeat rock music)
So what do some mama's boys
who like to gang up on kids
want with me?
(gang members trembling)
(Sameyama gurgling)
My name's Mikey from
Seventh Elementary.
Holy shit!
You're Draken from
Fourth Elementary, right?
So why would a badass like you
wanna hang out with
those pieces of shit?
So let's be friends, Kenny!
What do ya say?
(Young Draken sighs)
Do you really think we're
going to find Osanai here?
Seriously?
Like I had the time
to do decent research.
You showed up without warning.
Yeah, my bad. But
this was an emergency.
Huh?
Just listen.
You gave me some bad intel
about Mikey and Draken
being pissed off at each other.
Those two are so tight,
there's no way they
could be enemies!
Back in the past,
a battle between Moebius
and Toman is about to start.
And in it, Draken
is going to die.
Yeah.
But if we can just find
this Osanai guy from Moebius
and we get some information,
we might figure out a
way to stop the battle
and keep him alive.
[Osanai] Ah, pardon me.
Huh?
Could I get past you fellas?
Ah, of course. Sorry.
Thanks. See ya.
I thought it'd be good to
have a cop like you around.
I was right.
Well, just don't
let your guard down.
[Boss] What's the
holdup, Osanai?
(both wince)
Huh? He said Osanai?
How long does it take
you to eat your lunch?
Uh, but I was back
right on time.
If you don't wanna
be out on your ass,
you better start
pullin' your weight!
That guy is Osanai?
[Boss] I'm sick of
seeing your ugly mug...
Former Moebius boss?!
[Boss] Damn work done.
You brain-dead or what?
Don't stand there!
Maybe he's not the
right guy after all.
Let's at least talk to him.
Mm.
Um, did I do something wrong?
Not at all.
I'm looking into the
Tokyo Manji Gang,
the guys that caused an
incident the other day.
Back 12 years ago,
you were in a battle
against the Tokyo Manji Gang
as the leader of Moebius,
isn't that right?
I have some questions I'd-
(bangs on table)
(stammers) I have
nothing to say to you.
Were you not involved in
the death of Ken Ryuguji?
[Osanai] No. No, I wasn't. I...
It was a member of
Moebius who stabbed him.
Please stop.
You gave the order for them
to kill him, didn't you?
No!
(Osanai sobbing)
Yes, it's true that
we fought with Toman.
But we weren't the
ones who killed Draken.
The battle that day
was just the trigger.
After that, Toman started
having internal trouble.
Huh?
And on August 3rd,
Draken died.
It was all just a part
of his big plan. (sobs)
Part of what?
(Osanai sobbing)
I'm sorry.
I can't tell you anymore.
Toman and all that? I want
nothing to do with it.
(phone ringing)
I have to go. My boss
is pissed at me already.
Sorry I couldn't help you.
I hope we didn't cause
you any inconvenience.
Uh, thanks of your time.
If Draken hadn't died that day,
then I...
(bells ringing)
(door thuds)
[Takemichi] So,
what do you think?
Osanai was obviously shaken.
I doubt that he was lying.
And if everything
he said was true,
then the fight with Moebius
was only a catalyst.
Whoever he was talking about
was apparently plotting to
set Toman against itself.
And Osanai just got used.
Which means someone was
trying to get Draken and Mikey
to turn against each other?
Why would someone do that?
Point is the conflict with
Moebius sets it all off.
Yeah. And so Toman and
Moebius can't fight.
I have to stop them.
Yes.
Please explain that to Mikey.
[Takemichi] Got it.
I'll convince him.
(electricity buzzing)
Yeah, what the hell's
up with Yamagishi?
He always has to fart at
the worst possible time.
He's always causing
trouble, huh? (laughs)
Hm? What's wrong, Takemichi?
Huh?
Akkun?
Please save everyone,
our crybaby hero.
Hey, dude. You fall asleep?
Oh, sorry. I wasn't listening.
Huh? (groans)
Argh. Thanks a lot.
(Takemichi laughs)
Hey! What the hell are
you laughing about, huh?
That's right. He's alive.
Damn it. You're still
not listening, are you?
Hey, watch where you're going!
-Huh?
-(Akkun screams)
(both laughing)
-Yeah! Woo!
-Yeah, baby!
(melancholic music)
Hey, Akkun.
[Akkun] Yeah?
Do you have any life dreams?
Say what? Why the heck
are you getting all
sentimental all of a sudden?
[Takemichi] Just tell me.
[Akkun] Hm. Any dreams, huh?
Well, I might wanna
become a hairstylist.
[Takemichi] You
better make it happen.
[Akkun] Huh? The hell
are you talking about?
How am I supposed to
know if that'll happen?
(Takemichi sighs)
(inhales deeply) Well,
I believe in you!
Whoa, man, chill!
(Takemichi grunts)
Dude, what is wrong with
you? You're sounding crazy.
I just want you to know
I've got your back.
And I just know you can do it!
Oh. Yeah, sure.
Akkun, I've gotta go.
Huh? Where are you going?
Something came up.
Let me be your first customer.
Uh, okay?
Awesome! I'm gonna
hold you to that!
All righty then, dude.
I'll see you tomorrow.
I want to save Akkun.
And I want to save Draken.
(pants) And I want to save Hina!
So I have to stop this conflict
with Moebius from happening.
(pants) Mikey!
-Mm?
-Huh?
(Takemichi panting)
I'm gonna make sure this
fight never happens!
Takemichi, what's up?
What the hell are
you doing here?
You got no business here.
Get lost, you shithead!
No offense, but this
is a heavy meeting.
This fight with Moebius.
It can't happen.
Huh?
I can't say how, but there's
something that I know!
There's someone else who's
pulling the strings here.
(Takemichi groans)
(Takemichi grunts)
Who do you think you are
telling us what to do?
You tell him, Pah.
One more word and I'll kill
you, you piece of shit.
I heard you, Draken. I won't
rush you into anything.
Just tell me though,
what's our plan of attack?
[Takemichi] You can't do that!
You can't fight with Moebius.
It's nothing but a trap
for Toman to walk into!
Stand up.
We can't fight them, and
you can't tell us why?!
Then who beat the
shit outta my friend?
And who put his girl
in the hospital?!
I don't know all that! But I do-
Okay, Takemichi, enough.
You've made your case.
But the fight's still on.
You don't know anything
about this, pal.
Once I've made up
my mind to fight,
then Toman and Moebius
are gonna fight.
Huh?
I can't back down.
If you guys fight Moebius,
then Toman's finished!
I just got to be
friends with you two
and I don't wanna
lose you to this!
I refuse to accept
that Toman is over!
I've had all I can stand
of your goddamn blubbering-
The hell are you doing, Draken?
(Pah grunts)
Takemichi said he's
not going to back down.
Maybe it wouldn't be a bad idea
to look into Moebius
a bit more, Mikey.
[Mikey] Huh? Ken, are
you going against Toman?
What? That isn't
what I said at all.
Funny, that's what I heard.
(Takemichi panting)
[Osanai] Sorry to interrupt
your little catfight, children.
Huh?
[Osanai] Moebius
this, Moebius that...
Personally, I'd prefer it
if you'd keep our name
outta your mouths.
(exhales) You middle
school cretins.
(gulps) Holy crap,
you're Osanai!
Shut your filthy
mouth, dick cheese.
Huh?
That's Osanai?
You son of a whore...
Careful, now. I'm two
years older than you.
That's Mister Son-of-a-Whore.
Now, you die!
(Pah grunts)
Thanks for proving you're
just middle school punks.
The Tokyo Manji Gang?
Change your stupid name.
Maybe to The Playground Kiddies.
You see, I heard you
fellas were gonna try
and pick a fight
with us. (snaps)
(Moebius Gang muttering)
So I thought we'd generously
bring the fight to you.
Look at these punks.
This isn't gonna take very long.
They're all so puny!
[Osanai] So, Mikey!
[Takemichi] We're surrounded!
This is war!
(gang muttering and yelling)
Point is the conflict with
Moebius sets it all off.
[Takemichi] And so Toman
and Moebius can't fight.
I have to stop them.
Shit! How am I
supposed to do that?
(closing theme music)